feat(styleguide): added inclusion guidelines to FAQs (#749)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Meta/FAQs.stories.mdx

We are not prepared to accept external contributions at this time.
Neither our internal processes nor the design system are stabilized enough for non-team-members.

## To Gamut or Not To Gamut?

> When should we create a general component in Gamut instead of a specific one in another application?

In general, we prefer Gamut components to be those that are commonly shared across multiple experiences in the monolith.
If something can be easily built from the existing primitives _without_ adding logic, we generally wouldn't make a special component for it.

Some examples of things we'd generally include in Gamut are:

- Common visually identifiable atoms, such as buttons or form inputs
- Atoms linked together with client logic, such as an Alert bar

Some examples of things we generally wouldn't include are:

> - Customized atoms specially designed for a particular use case

Reviewer: Include examples for these too? 

For this one - atoms related to only payments

- Groups of components that could be recreated easily

Consider referencing other design systems such as [Fluent](https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent) and [Material Design](https://material.io/design) to see what they choose to turn into generic components.

### Implementation Strategy?

> Should we implement components in separate repositories or in client-modules?

As general rules of thumb:

1. If a component is being written for the first time or used for a second time:

   - If the designer thinks it might belong in Gamut, feel free to implement it in the separate repository
     - Consider making its API simple and flexible _(e.g. passing props to it instead of hooking it up to Redux)_
   - If the designer doesn't intend for it to be in the design system, never mind Gamut

2. If a component is being used for a third time or more, please discuss moving it to Gamut

### Brand or Core?

> The "Brand" section of components houses two sections of components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Brand" components section contains two types of components:
```

- Brand-specific ones that we want shared but are too specific for the general design system, such as logos or headers

> - "Experimental" components that are already shared across our site but are new and relatively use-case-specific, such as marketing-style testimonials

Reviewer: +1 to @jakemhiller idea of adding "Gamut Lab's", and maybe we could just rename brand to labs.

Alternatively, I think it would be valuable to add an "experiments" folder into the brand package, and move a current gamut component that doesn't meet the bar to experiments to get that ball rolling

Components in this system might "graduate" to the core design system over time.
They might also be discarded if our design team moves away from using them.
Until either, they're treated as experimental and don't always respect semver.

## `style` or `theme`?

Most components that have configurable colors use one of two APIs:

> - `style`: Allowing one or more colors to be passed as values from their parent, such as `ProgressBar`

Reviewer: In this section I think we should change the word `color` to `theme` (aka configurable theme, etc).

Both the style and theme prop could specify more than just colors, such as sizes, padding, etc.

`style` is a way to specify a type so that those values are customizable
`theme` is a way to set a collection of styles on the component in a preconfigured way

> - `style`: Allowing one or more colors to be passed as values from their parent, such as `ProgressBar`

Reviewer 2: is `style` actually referring to passing the `className` prop, or inline styles? also `ProgressBar` technically has a `theme` prop

Author: Heh, I'm going to send a PR that makes this accurate...

Author: https://github.com/Codecademy/client-modules/pull/752
